[WEBSITE-474] Use Official Jenkins docker image in documentation (#2148)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/installing/index.adoc

There are several Docker images of Jenkins available.

> The recommended Docker image to use is the link:https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkinsci/jenkins/[`jenkinsci/jenkins` image] (from the link:https://hub.docker.com/[Docker Hub repository]). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended Docker image to use is the link:https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jenkins/[`jenkins/jenkins` image] (from the link:https://hub.docker.com/[Docker Hub repository]). 
```

> We do recommend to use the current link:/download[Long-Term Support (LTS) release of Jenkins] for production environment, and keep weekly and RC releases for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend the current link:/download[Long-Term Support (LTS) release of Jenkins] for production environments, and keep weekly releases and long term support release candidates for testing.
```

[NOTE]
====

> A new `jenkinsci/jenkins` image is published each time a new release of Jenkins is published. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new `jenkins/jenkins` image is published each time a new release of Jenkins is published. 
```

> You can see a list of previously published versions of the `jenkinsci/jenkins` image on the link:https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkinsci/jenkins/tags/[tags] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see a list of previously published versions of the `jenkins/jenkins` image on the link:https://hub.docker.com/r/jenkins/jenkins/tags/[tags] page.
```

*Notes:*

> 

Reviewer 2: unrelated change?

Author: yes related as was referencing the `jenkins/blueocean` installation method.

Reviewer 2: agreed
